1.Question 1
Why are liquid crystals considered to be in between solids and liquids?
Ans:All the above(They have some of the properties of solids and some of the properties of liquids.
                  They have some order of the molecule.
                  This state exists at a temperature range in between the fully solid phase and the fully liquid phase.)
2.Question 2
The smectic C phase of liquid crystals has :
Ans:2-dimensional ordering
3.Question 3
The neumatic phase of liquid crystals has:
Ans:1-dimensional ordering
4.Question 4
What do you expect the order parameter to do as a function of temperature?
Ans:Decrease
5.Question 5
Are liquid crystals polarization dependent?
Ans:Yes
6.Question 6
Justify your answer to Problem 5. Why is this the case?
Ans:Molecules are anisotropic
7.Question 7
You want to make a waveplate out of calcite, with a total retardance of \pi/2π/2. Write down an expression for the thickness of the waveplate, in terms of:
n_o, ordinary refractive index
n_e, extraordinary refractive index
lambda, optical wavelength
Constants should be entered with one significant figure
L = ...
Ans:
8.Question 8
What are integral parts of a liquid crystal cell?
Ans:All of the above(Polarizers
                     Alignment layer
                     Electrode
                     Passivation layer)
9.Question 9
The electrical field of an incident plane wave is given as

E= \hat x A+\hat y A
E= 
x
^
 A+ 
y
^
​	
 A

where AA is a constant. What is polarization of electric field?
Ans:
10.Question 10
The Jones vector is of the form
[ab]
where a and b are integers. For the field described in Problem 9, please input answer for a.
11.Question 11
The Jones vector is of the form
[ab]
where a and b are integers. For the field described in Problem 9, please input answer for b.
12.Question 12
The field in Problems 10 and 11 propagates through a liquid crystal. What kind of polarizations are possible at output?
Ans:All of the above(Linear
                     Circular
                     Elliptical)
13.Question 13
What factors determine the answer to Problem 12?
Ans:All of the above(Liquid crystal thickness
                     Liquid crystal orientation
                     Amount of birefringence)
14.Question 14
What is the purpose of the compensation foil?
Ans:Allow operation of liquid crystal cell at multiple wavelengths
15.Question 15
What does ‘normally black mode’ mean?
Ans:With no applied voltage, light is blocked by polarizers and display appears dark
16.Question 16
A super-twisted nematic cell differs from a twisted nematic cell in the following ways:
Ans:Answers (A) and (C)(It is thicker
                        It provides more polarisation rotation)
17.Question 17
The Jones matrix is of the form
[a,b c,d]
Calculate the Jones matrix of a polarizer, aligned to x axis, that is rotated by 45 degrees. Please input answer for a.
18.Question 18
The Jones matrix is of the form
[a,b c,d]
Calculate the Jones matrix of a polarizer, aligned to x axis, that is rotated by 45 degrees. Please input answer for b.
19.Question 19
The Jones matrix is of the form
[a,b c,d]
Calculate the Jones matrix of a polarizer, aligned to x axis, that is rotated by 45 degrees. Please input answer for c.
20.Question 20
The Jones matrix is of the form
[a,b c,d]
Calculate the Jones matrix of a polarizer, aligned to x axis, that is rotated by 45 degrees. Please input answer for d.


















                  
